---
slug: chapter-one-morning-with-royal-princess
title: "Year X Chapter 1: A morning with a Royal Princess"
authors:
  name: Jesse P
  title: Writer
  image_url: https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1138004428457259048/1150738296750739537/20230816_181646.png
tags: [yearX, Jese, Luna, sfw, Pov, USA]
date: 2023-09-11
---
:::danger

This chapter is has a NSFW insertion. However, the chapter does not have any nsfw content in itsself

:::


Slowly, I become conscious. I was absolutely drained from the long day of work I had yesterday, and it left me powerless when I got home. Of course, coming home to a beautiful royal princess was always the highlight of my day, and it gave me a little high before I inevitably crashed onto the bed and passed out. No matter the day I had, she always has a way of brightening my mood. I truly am the luckiest pony there is on this planet. 

My eyes still closed, my mind starts rummaging through its internal storage to take inventory of what todays things to do are. Immediately, I remember the absolute beauty laying right next to me. The thought of this makes my heart flutter quicker than a blink of the eye. My eyes shoot open, looking at the ceiling. That’s not where I want to look, obviously. I gently roll over to my left, being careful to possibly not awaken the royalty laying beside me. As I thought, she’s passed out. Hooves laid out beside her elegantly, her muzzle gently rests tucked into her front hooves. Her mane laying against the pillow with utmost grace, her horn proudly standing tall despite this. I’m now laying on my side, simply admiring her absolute humbling beauty. Looking at her closed eyes, her ears, horn, muzzle, mane, chest, as much as I could see. I slowly pan down to admire the rest of her. Her body, wings, hooves, tail. She had fallen asleep without the covers, I’m guessing she also was pretty tired. It gave me a perfect view of her entire presence. Convenient, if I do say so myself. I look down at myself, hooves and fur clean from the shower last night. I just want to make sure I am physically up to par for this lovely lady. After all, she is royalty.. she only deserves the best. I am a bit sore, my job is quite physical. Nothing I can’t handle, but I sure could use a massage. 5 minutes go by, which seems like an eternity. I could stare at her forever. Impatience starts to get to me. I just want to talk to her. I know I should let her sleep, but its torture for me. I hope she won’t be mad.. 

I take a hoof and gently boop her on her snout. “Love.” I say, as soft and gentle as I can. Nothing, she’s out cold. Ugh, I feel so bad. I reach out once more with another boop, this time a little more firm. “Love.” I say again. Her head slowly moves back, she lets out a cute little sigh. “Hey, are you awake?” I say with guilt. She puts a hoof over her snout and itches it. Her eyes squint as she tries to wake herself up. I’m simply laying here, admiring every movement. Its something words truly can’t describe. After a little bit of adjusting, her eyes open. My breath is taken away, her beautiful blue eyes level me every single time. She takes a moment to get her mind right, but quickly greets me with a genuine, passionate smile. “Good morning baby girl.” I say with a blush. “Good morning my love,” she replies. “How did you sleep?”. She asks happily. I had to think for a second about this, some things we’re still a blur to me. “Honestly, I was out like a light. Work had me so tired yesterday.. how about you?”. She giggles, “I know you we’re, you fell asleep almost immediately.. we only got to talk for 30 minutes before you checked out, I missed you.” My heart almost explodes. “Aww, I’m sorry.. I hope you slept well though, I see you also fell asleep suddenly.” I say with a flirty smirk. She smiles brighter. “I sure did, I stayed up a bit studying some ancient artifacts from a book I found.. I’ll have to tell you all about it. After that, I was exhausted. I laid down and I guess that was it.” she chuckled. “You’re adorable, I’d love to hear all about it.” I say with love. She blushes slightly at this. “Maybe, but you’re more adorable..” she teases back. I couldn’t handle it, I bury my head into my hooves and let out a slight squeal of happiness. Yes, while I am a stallion, I get giddy at compliments/affection like that. My love language mainly is words of affirmation. Even despite that, she just makes me feel so small sometimes, and I love it. Seeing me bury my head away, she scoots over closer and puts her front hooves around my head, and pulls me into her soft chest. I sink in like I’m in a cloud and surrender myself. I love her. I love her so much. Emotions of this magnitude simply can’t be put into good enough words. 

Laying in her chest is one of the best things I could ever imagine. She gently rests her muzzle and head on top of mine. I am hers. She’s the only pony I could ever want. What’s even better is that she’s all mine. How this happened is beyond me, but it seems the stars have aligned.. which, funny that, she control’s those. Did she plan this out? Who knows, what matters is we’re here right now. “Luna.” I say with butterflies flying around my insides. “Yes sweetheart?” she replies with a soft, passionate tone. “I, I.. I love you.” The words come out with a stutter due to my immense shyness. Its hard for me to communicate just how I feel sometimes. Luna lets out a real soft and cute squee of emotion. She nuzzles the top of my head with hers and squeezes me with her hooves. “I love you too dear.. you mean the world to me.” I melt further into her soft chest, feeling so warm and cozy. I’m safe here, this is the only place I want to be. There is just one problem.. 

*Insertion: An amazing morning with a Royal Princess*

With the bed tidied up, I crawl back onto it. Luna welcomes me immediately with open hooves, and a warm smile on her face. Her cheeks still red, as are mine. “Come here you.” she purrs. How could I not. I gently get on top of her, and surrender. She wraps her hooves around me tightly and squeezes. My heart hurts from all the love I feel, but its so worth it. “I love you so much.” I blurt out. I do, I really do. She giggles cutely, and nuzzles my head with hers. “I love you even more.. you really know how to make a mare happy.” “Meh, I try. You know, its hard with you being royalty and all..” I joke. She takes offense in a flirtatious way. “Excuse me?? I’m not THAT hard to please..” she says with another smirk. “Yeah, you’re right. I got pretty lucky.” I nuzzle her chest. Its so soft, like a blanket from heaven. Suddenly, my stomach growls. I’m hungry, turns out making love works up an appetite. “Um, I’m hungry.” I say quietly. “When is breakfast..?”. Luna laughs lovingly. “Whenever you want sweetheart.. if you want breakfast now, I’ll make you whatever you wish.” Yep, I’m spoiled. A royal princess willing to make anything for me? I won the lottery. “Umm.. pancakes.. that sounds great to me.” I say. Luna giggles softly. “Pancakes it is, cutie pie. Lets go make some.” She rubs me on the head. She’s so comfortable, I don’t want to get off. I could stay here forever if I didn’t have to eat. “I don’t want to get off..” I say with a sad, cute tone. “I could stay here all day long with you too, but you have to eat. I don’t want you being hungry. Besides, we should shower..” she suggests. She’s right, we need to shower. A towel isn’t enough to clean us up especially after what we just did. “Fine..” I say. “I’ll get up, I guess..” and so I did. I got up, and gave her a hoof off the bed. We both trotted to the kitchen, where we prepared breakfast, all while flirting and showing affection to each other. You could say I’m living the dream, in which I will tell you, you are right.. 

 

 
